c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.IO.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.App.config
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\duda\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\RestSharp.xml
